Leave the room if you're dressed.
Gosh, will you please go? I'm really embarrassed right now.
No.
Why would I leave? This is a chance for me to do whatever I want.
What are you going to do?
Is there something you want?
Please. The day just started.
What do you think I'm going to do?
Something that will get you slapped or something nice?
Ta-da.
It looks pretty on you.
Gosh.
Thank you.
Right.
- Now, please leave. - Sure, get some rest.
Right, here you go.
Have it all.
How can one eat all of this?
Finish that and have seconds.
I don't want the wind to whisk you away.
Why are we sitting side by side though?
Because this is more comfortable.
Wait, are you blushing?
Look at me for a second.
Come on. Look this way.
You've got it wrong.
I'm refusing to look at you so that you won't be distracted...
by my good looks.
Hold on.
Are you the one blushing now?
Come on. Look this way.
- Look at me. - Look ahead, will you?
Let's have our breakfast while enjoying the scenery.
Is this how it feels...
to look in the same direction as the one you love?
We'll look at each other from the front, the side,
the back,
and every single angle there is.
Sounds perfect.
Anyway, let's enjoy.
I will, but it really is a lot.
Mom.
Isn't mom home?
Last night, I...
Do Ah.
I'm here.
Don't cry.
- Good job, everyone. - Let's grab a bite.
It's my treat.
- Don't be late tomorrow. - See you tomorrow.
It's 10,000 dollars. Take it.
I only asked for 5,000 dollars,
but you give me double?
You don't need to pay me back.
Take it and don't ever contact Ok Hee again. Got it?
Unbelievable.
I never said I wouldn't pay it back.
Tae Seob, you're not someone I wish to be conversing with.
Even the devil wouldn't be this shameless.
How can you ask her for money?
Asking her isn't an ideal situation for me either.
I don't care if you're completely broke.
Don't ever show yourself to Ok Hee nor me.
You make me sick.
What did I do to make you this hostile toward me?
How can you say that after everything you put me through?
But you're doing well now.
You just don't get it, do you?
How's Ha Ri?
Why would you ask about her?
Because she's my daughter and I miss her.
She doesn't have a father.
You're less than a stranger to her.
Just because she's older doesn't mean it'll hurt less.
If you think of her as your daughter,
if you're decent even in the slightest,
don't even think about calling her.
But... Hey!
(Contacts)
Are you home?
Is it okay to go home?
Why would you call before coming home?
Who knows what you'd be doing with your boyfriend?
Isn't that why I have the second floor all to myself?
Just don't let me catch you.
I promise I'll do my best to let you have your privacy.
You bought another batch?
I can brew that for myself, you know.
As if you have the time.
Don't be silly and just drink what I brew.
The kettle, please.
You can't wait while your condition worsens.
I guess you need to speed up your wedding.
Han I Sang.
Must it be him?
Is he the only one you have eyes for?
There's no room in my heart left for another.
You never consider the consequences of a heartache...
and give your heart out to the one you love.
Why can't you be more sly and selfish for a change?
Mom,
don't you approve of I Sang?
It's you, actually. I don't like the softy you become.
Be a wife cherished by her husband...
and don't have a marriage like mine.
(Episode 13: Why Life Brings Us Hardships)
You're early today.
No, you're the one who's early.
This is when I always arrive.
Anyway, what's the occasion?
I must've wanted to come to work badly...
because I woke up way before I usually do.
Ms. Jang, good morning.
Good morning. Just a second.
Well,
this is for you.
I've been meaning to give it to you, but I never got the chance.
It's pomegranate juice.
Are you looking out for my health?
Thanks. Let's go then.
Just a second.
I have something to say to Eu Ddeum.
- We'll be right up. - Sure.
I'll see you up there.
Why do you like Ms. Jang?
Is being with an older woman a fantasy of yours?
Aren't I prettier?
No, Ms. Jang is prettier.
I can't believe you're still hung up on her.
Just stop whatever it is you feel for her...
so that you can move on.
I let the emotions go gently.
I've never felt this way for someone before...
and I didn't want it to be a bad memory.
How can a one-sided love end beautifully?
My feelings for her were pure...
and were still genuine even though they weren't reciprocated.
So how can it not be a good memory?
Have a good day then.
I want...
this man.
- Hi. - Hey. Good morning.
- Hi, hi. - You're here early.
I'm in a really good mood.
Okay, nice.
We're done. You may go change now.
Are you shocked that I'm good at taking wedding pictures too?
This is how broad my range is.
Should I take one too?
Are you getting married?
I want to. And I should.
You'll have a wife nagging you then.
That'll be sweet.
You'll struggle to pay for your kid's tuition.
I've always wanted to emulate your sense of responsibility.
Thank you.
You'll never be able to do something you've never done before anymore.
I'll do it with her.
Do you think Ha Ri won't do it with me?
See once you're married.
It won't be the life that you've dreamt of.
I grumble about how tough it is,
but it's not super exhausting.
It's okay if marriage is exhausting.
I love Ha Ri very selfishly and shamelessly,
so I must make her happy no matter what.
Hey, Jae Young.
Auntie.
- What brings you here? - Well,
it's nice out. How about a date?
I come to places like this all the time.
I feel it every time, but it's needlessly expensive.
Why are you wasting money like this?
The conversation switched smoothly into nagging.
"I took you in, fed you, gave you a place to live,"
"did your laundry, and watched your baby."
"But this is all you get me?" That's what you should be saying.
You're buying me a nice meal. Why would I be picky?
Can you take this long for a lunch break?
Don't you have patients?
I don't know if it's a blessing or a curse,
but we keep getting more and more patients.
I was going to make lots of money and buy you lots of good food.
I'll visit often. Let's go on more dates.
Are you moving out?
I should.
How can I face Ha Ri now?
There's nothing more I can do either.
Jae Young.
You were too good to pass up on,
so I wronged you out of my greed. I'm so sorry.
No, Auntie.
It was me. I got greedy for Ha Ri.
Why didn't you and my mom make an oath...
like everyone else to marry Ha Ri and me while we were...
still in your bellies?
Why didn't we do something everyone else did?
We should've forced you into an arranged marriage at age 20.
We would've hated each other, bickered, and grew on each other...
You would've liked each other, but since it's an arranged marriage,
you'd doubt each other's sincerity, break up...
And confirm each other's love in dramatic fashion,
and get married for love.
It's such an old and cliche story...
It sounds lame now that I said it out loud.
I agree. It's lame.
- Eat up. - Okay.
Is it that sad that he's taking vitamins?
You know. He's taking them for his treatment.
He's doing it because he wants to. It's nothing to be sad about.
Are you wishing us luck? How nice of you.
I was on your side from the get-go.
Tae Rin, shall we put this on?
Mommy.
Did you think I was mommy?
Where's mommy? Let's go look for her.
Where could she be?
- There's mommy. - Tae Rin.
Should we change? Do you want to pick?
How about this?
Let's take a look.
How pretty. Do you want to put this on?
Let's go.
- My ID. - What?
- Turn back. - Didn't you leave it at the office?
Seriously.
Get going. Go.
Shouldn't you get a ring first?
I don't know her ring size.
How can I get her size without her knowing?
Hey. That's a mission...
that is worthy of "Mission Impossible".
She'll figure it out even if you just look at her finger.
Where are you going to propose to her?
How about a cathedral?
It seems reverent and trustworthy.
And Ha Ri has a Mother Theresa image.
I never knew that.
Why don't you just propose and get married at a cathedral?
- That sounds good. - Wrong answer.
That's not right.
That would be a problem if Ha Ri is a Buddhist.
Come to think of it, I don't even know her religion.
Where would be good?
It's complicated.
As much as an equation of higher degree.
Oh my gosh!
My gosh!
- He's going to propose! - I know!
- I'd be so happy if I were her. - I know.
But is Ms. Jang disappointed because she found out?
Now that she knows, she can prepare herself.
- Marry me. - Will you marry me?
- Will you marry me? - Will you marry me?
- Oh my gosh. - I wish I could see.
She needs a dress.
Let's hurry.
- Come on. - Let's go.
- I'm so excited. - I know, right?
He's going to propose to me.
My goodness gracious.
What should I do?
My gosh.
Oh my gosh.
No. He wouldn't do it today.
He won't pop his trunk...
and have balloons float out...
and a million roses inside, right?
No way. Not in front of my coworkers.
Just a minute.
Why? Where are you going?
Why are you popping the trunk? Don't do it!
Why are you doing that in front of the office?
What? It... It won't take long.
I'm almost done.
You can wait in the car.
Well...
I just didn't want the place to be dusty.
You really do love your workplace.
Get in the car.
He's not going to propose all of a sudden in the car, right?
What am I supposed to say?
"Yes!"
That sounds like I scored a goal or something.
"Thank you"?
Gosh, no.
"Sure, let's do that"? "Sounds great"?
Open the glove compartment.
- No. - What?
What?
- Open... - No.
I'm not ready for it yet.
- You can drop me off over there. - What?
Why? Aren't we going to eat together?
I made a reservation at a nice restaurant.
I'm guessing that place has a grand piano...
and just so happens to be empty today.
Am I correct?
How did you know?
I made a reservation at a one-table restaurant.
But I don't think there's a grand piano there.
From what I remember, it was an old, brown piano.
I'll get off over there.
I forgot I had other plans.
Let's go there next time.
I'm sorry for leaving like this.
I'll think about how I feel.
So you should also reconsider and see if this is...
what you really want.
Does she not like flowers, or does she not like the restaurant?
What did I do wrong?
You got cold feet.
What's that?
A kind of fear you have before you get married.
Your life changes when you get married.
So deep down in your heart, you're telling yourself to run away.
Why would I run away?
I know I had once given up,
but I've dreamt of getting married for 39 years.
A dream is an imagination of what you want the most.
But reality is different.
You dream of utopia, so you cross the Pacific,
and walk your way through the desert,
but you arrive at an empty plain.
You're just scared that's how it might feel.
Well...
I just dreamt of having a normal family.
I just want to raise my kids with my husband...
and have a happy family.
Just like everyone else.
Hey, living like everyone else...
is the hardest thing ever.
Maybe you want a normal and happy family...
because you've never had that.
What? You mean my dad?
I guess that might be the reason.
But I'm not just left with bad memories of my dad.
He adored me.
He taught me how to ride a bike.
He also took me to a valley every summer...
and taught me how to swim.
He also bought me snacks when my mom wasn't around.
Then he just left.
I don't think I Sang will leave because he's such a stable guy.
But why can't I just enjoy this excitement I'm feeling?
Why do I keep running away?
Hey, maybe you're scared...
that he might propose in a really weird way.
Right? That must be why, right?
But if you do end up getting cold feet,
it won't hurt to reconsider.
It'll be your last chance to think clearly...
while you're so full of love and passion.
Thanks.
You're pretty smart.
(Announcement: Blackout warning)
Jae Young.
Are you upset because I didn't go apartment hunting with you?
Should I go with you this weekend?
Jae Young. Buddy.
Will you stop being angry at me?
Something's on my mind.
It's your job to eat tripe with me and hear me out.
And I'll do the same.
Come on, buddy.
I get what you mean, so stop it.
I know you need a friend.
But I don't think I can be your friend right now.
If you really cared about me,
you should've told me that he came.
Gosh, I won't kick you out of the building.
So don't ever meet him again.
Why did he ask for Ha Ri's number?
You'd better not tell him.
He wants to meet Ha Ri?
We have an interview later with an infertile couple, right?
Yes.
Ji Hye is showing signs of miscarriage,
so it's only going to be the husband.
Is it bad?
She'll be fine.
She should be fine.
Are you okay with interviewing with the infertile couple?
Why? Are you worried I might get scared and worry even more?
I'm worried you might act like you're okay...
when you're not.
Ha Ri.
Promise me one thing.
Whenever you're having a hard time or hurting inside,
I want you to be honest with me about it.
That way, I'll be able to hug you.
Why do you keep trying to hug me?
Do you feel like hugging me every time you see me?
What do you think of moving out and living inside my pocket?
You get cheekier every day.
You should think about it.
Don't you want to be together every single day?
- Just a second. - "Every day"?
You're going to do it here?
It's too bright, and there are people around.
No, wait.
Wait. Let me do this.
Just a second.
What? Where am I supposed to tie my shoelaces?
Ha Ri, I won't do it when other people are around.
Why would you do that out in the street?
Then where else am I supposed to do it?
Don't ask me. This is wrong.
What? Is it that embarrassing to tie shoelaces out in the street?
My gosh, she's a fussy one.
My gosh.
What's the matter with you?
My gosh, that's unbelievable.
It's crazy.
Ha Ri's ring size is 11.
She doesn't have a religion. Don't get married at a cathedral.
Here. Take this.
We're done here. Let's go.
I can give you advice for your proposal.
You can ask me questions for an event.
But do not call me after work.
- Eu Ddeum. - Yes?
- Can you go over this with me? - Sure.
- Hello. - Hi.
Can I perhaps ask you something?
Sure, go ahead.
You're not the chairman's grandson, right?
Maybe you're hiding your identity...
and trying to learn the ropes from the lowest position.
Of course not. I told you the other day...
about what my parents do for a living.
Your parents seem amazing and all,
but that could also be part of your cover story.
Anyway, I guess I got it wrong.
What's going on?
Just know that it wasn't easy for me...
to give up on my dream.
Now, we should have dinner together tonight.
If this is to repay me for the incident at the police station,
you don't have to.
I'll buy dinner,
so you buy me dessert.
Come on.
Just hold on a second.
Is this how it's going to be?
Are you booking a restaurant?
Just a second.
Okay.
(You have received a gift.)
I wonder which restaurant you chose.
(Choi Kang Eu Ddeum sent an Americano dessert set.)
I sent you a dessert voucher,
so there's no need to buy me dinner.
Have a good day then.
Have a good day.
Seriously?
What's your religion?
I'm Catholic.
Oh, so you go to church.
Do you do this?
I've been trying to attend a church service too,
but it hasn't been easy.
All you have to do is go to Sunday Mass.
I'm saying that I'm completely clueless...
which is why I need some kind of guidance.
Which church do you attend?
Aren't you supposed to spread your beliefs?
You should do so with me.
That's not how we operate.
Every district has its own parish,
so look into that and attend the church in your neighborhood.
Good day, then.
What a slippery snake.
I just can't seem to get a tight clasp around him.
He slips away no matter how I come at him.
Unbelievable.
Do Ah, have a good time,
and don't worry about me.
She gets annoyed if she doesn't get a snack after her meal.
She likes to enjoy rice crackers in each hand,
so don't forget that.
Got it.
She can't sleep without her favorite stuffed animal,
so make sure it's with her.
All right. We'll get going then.
Also, Do Ah...
I'll call if I have any questions.
Do Ah.
Guess who this is. It's your dad, right?
Don't you forget me.
I said I'll bring her back tomorrow.
If only...
you were like this back then.
Still,
I didn't abandon our daughter.
For you though,
your career mattered more than her.
Is Ji Hye doing all right?
She spends most of her waking hours on her back.
I'm sure she'll be all right.
I hope so.
I'd be sad too if this doesn't work out,
but she'll be devastated.
She even quit her job years ago...
so that she could focus on getting pregnant.
Every time it doesn't work out, she cries herself to sleep.
How hard it is for me isn't even an issue.
I want us to have a baby too, but this means the world to her.
That's why I can't even talk her out of it now,
but watching her is excruciating.
Either way, you must feel guilty.
Of course.
All that I can do is pray at this point.
I hope it's heard this time around.
Of course.
Don't ever...
feel guilty, all right?
You're pushing back the surgery even though it's recommended.
Are you sure you're not in any pain?
So that's what you've been worrying about.
If your time is almost up...
and my test results show no improvement,
only think about yourself.
Please do that.
Mom?
Why did you come here instead of going home?
What are you doing here?
To get some fresh air.
Then I should enjoy it with you.
Mom.
What would your life had been like...
if I hadn't come into the picture?
I would've lived my life in some way.
Instead of working hard to feed you,
I would've done so to keep my mouth fed.
When lonely, I would've found...
a fun activity to enjoy.
But then again, I wouldn't have known other things...
such as the joy of raising a child.
Having a kid to lean and depend on is also happiness.
Are you worried that you'll never have kids?
A little.
What would I do...
if I marry...
but remain childless...
and my husband leaves me for some reason?
Why would you even think that?
Are you worried about following in my footsteps?
No, of course not!
I'm just thinking of likely scenarios.
Life doesn't always unfold the way we want it to.
Only think about it being good. That's what makes the difference.
If you end up with no one,
I'll just live longer to keep you company.
Yes.
Yes, please.
You'd better.
This is nice.
For the article on how to prevent diaper rash,
we'll list products that are known to cause less.
We can stress how breathable it is like last time, right?
Yes.
It's almost time to renew our advertising contract.
How does it look on your end?
Well...
Are things tough there too lately?
Since we're doing the ad along with the article,
we can try to adjust the price.
Can you set up a meeting for me with the person in charge?
That's not it.
There's a rumor that "The Baby" is being discontinued,
so they don't want to renew.
It's not being discontinued, is it?
Who says that?
That's ridiculous.
Restructuring?
Sales keep falling.
We need to cut costs.
We're short-staffed as is.
I'm writing first drafts because we can't hire...
freelancers.
Can't we convert some employees to contract workers or freelancers?
They'll probably quit then.
Ms. Jang.
We must overcome these difficult times wisely...
so that "The Baby" remains...
the nation's only magazine on infant care for decades to come.
Then...
I'll look for a way to increase advertisements and sales.
Let's discuss downsizing the labor force afterward.
Bring me a restructuring proposal at the same time.
- Hi. - Ms. Jang.
We lost a diaper ad.
- Hey. - They won't renew?
There's a rumor circulating that we're being discontinued,
so people are hesitant to renew their contracts.
Let's think of an event to show them that we're going on strong.
And Advertising should think of ways to help with marketing too.
Okay. Of course.
Thank you.
What about a front-page model competition?
It was a success when we did it a while back.
It's not bad, but isn't there something new?
Since we have a lot of baby care goods in the warehouse,
we can pull them out and hold a bazaar.
That sounds lame.
What about an online event?
Do you have any ideas about that?
You know those influencers on social media?
You're young. Can't you think of anything?
I like the influencer idea.
If we gather influencers and market on social media,
it may be more effective.
What could we do though?
What would be good?
Are you working late starting today?
Then I should send some late night snacks.
I'm studying because I have an important project too.
I never slack off if there's something to learn.
Call me if you need a driver to take you home when you finish.
(Successful Marriage Proposals)
Okay.
Mr. Han sent us a snack.
Come eat.
Hey, save me some.
I want to finish this first.
Just eat first.
You'll probably write better after you eat.
Darn it.
Come on, Ms. Jang.
- They'll eat it all. - Okay.
That looks yummy.
It smells amazing.
Mom. I'll be home late for a while because of a deadline.
I took a night train to Donghae, so I'm not home either.
It's time for the examination.
You're not in the hospital, are you?
What? No, I'm not.
- Okay. - Okay.
Okay.
- Come. - Let's eat.
Take the first bite.
Just eat.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
- It's delicious. - It's so good.
It's time for the examination.
We get the reap the benefits of her dating.
Do you know where my mom went?
She said her hiking club was going to Gangneung.
- Didn't she tell you? - She did.
But they don't usually go away midweek.
Is Do Ah asleep?
Her mom's watching her for a few days.
That's good.
What happened?
Why is the power out?
They said they were shutting it off to do a safety check.
There was a notice.
I didn't see it.
Where are the candles?
Darn it.
Hey. The candles. The candles should be around here.
I'm moving out soon.
- Did you find a place? - Yes.
I see.
Have you never felt your heart flutter...
for me even once?
Well, very briefly in middle school when I hit puberty.
I saw you differently.
It was in grade school for me.
You were my first love.
Why are you... bringing up something from over 30 years ago?
When we used to go to the library together in high school,
the kids used to say I liked you.
They weren't teasing.
Even if I had known then, nothing would've changed between us.
Yes, it would've.
Either I would've been by your side until now,
or we would've had a falling-out and never saw each other.
I think I was too afraid of that,
which was why I kept missing my chance to go out with you.
What are you talking about?
We saw each other through countless relationships.
Exactly.
Why do I...
suddenly remember feelings that I had forgotten?
Do you know what amazed me when I first got into infant care?
I've never once fallen in my entire life.
I had led an easy life,
so I was always arrogant.
But once my life went through turmoil at almost age 40,
it crumbled like a house of cards.
There are a lot of good dads.
When you first moved in here,
I thought all dads were immature brats.
I resented my life and wondered...
why I had to face such a hardship this late in life.
But it wasn't a hardship.
It was an opportunity to look back...
at what was wrong in my life and see what I had missed.
I realized from watching you...
that dads grow up with their kids.
You've grown up into a great dad.
It's my last chance to get back...
what I had lost.
I finally get it now.
The reason I was given this last chance in life...
was because of you.
I'm going to go upstairs.
Ha Ri.
I like you a lot.
I figured I should tell you everything...
in order to finally end it.
You shouldn't have told me.
Why did you tell me?
I don't want to lose you again.
Like a teenager going through puberty,
my heart will flutter, ache,
and suffer from heartbreak.
But after that, I'm sure I'll be more mature.
Thanks to you, I'll get to grow up a little.
Thank you for everything.
And I'm sorry for a lot of things as well.
Ha Ri.
I hope you're always happy, Ha Ri.
(Leather Atelier)
- Hello? - Ha Ri.
Is something wrong with your mother?
She didn't come to the workshop today.
She's probably not back from her hiking club yet.
Okay.
Hey, Aunt. Is my mom sick?
Has her stomach cancer recurred?
Tell me what's going on. Don't keep it from me.
Do you want me to work without knowing how sick she is?
That will only break my heart.
I'll only end up regretting it.
What's my mom doing there?
(Aunt Ok Ran)
Hey, Auntie.
Jae Young.
I'm at the hospital right now.
I feel like Ha Ri might come and cry her eyes out.
Can you come and take her home?
Yes, please do me a favor.
Thanks.
(Jang T Seob)
Hey, you're here.
What are you doing here?
Ha Ri, is that you?
My goodness, you've grown into a beautiful woman.
I heard you turned 39 this year.
Ha Ri, give me that and leave.
You don't need to worry about him.
It's not any of your business either.
You're not married anymore.
Why are you here taking care of him?
He has late-stage liver cancer.
He can live if he gets surgery,
so I'm going to leave once he receives surgery.
Why would you stay for that?
If you're so worried, hire a caregiver for him.
Why would you do this for him after all that he's put you through?
I'll deal with it. Just go and do your job.
You resent him, too.
If he didn't leave us,
you wouldn't have to work so hard every day...
from 4am to 10pm.
My heart still aches every time I think about how hard you worked.
Why do you still remember that?
This is why I didn't want you to meet your dad.
Why did you come here?
I'm not doing this because I care for him,
so just forget what you saw and go back to work.
No, I don't want to see you here.
I'm doing this for a reason.
It hurts to see you here like this!
Will you feel at ease if someone tells you later on...
that your dad died sick and homeless?
I'm not doing this for him. I'm doing this for myself.
I'm doing this so you won't end up getting hurt.
So stop causing a fuss.
- Just go. - Why would I get hurt?
He was never around, so who cares if he dies?
He never showed up after he left.
So who cares if he's sick?
I don't even hate him anymore.
I don't want to waste my time hurting because of him.
I'm sorry.
You ended up with a dad like him because of me.
Why are you sorry?
I'm okay, so just leave.
Hello?
Mr. Han.
Right, got it.
It's all right.
Please don't cry.
I'm here for you.
Dr. Jang, please come to the OR.
(Patients in surgery)
(In surgery, Recovery)
I just don't get it.
I may hate him, but he's still my dad.
That's why I get to see him whether I like it or not.
But why can't my mom sever ties with him...
even though they're already divorced?
When love lets me down...
and the one I love hurts me deeply,
will I be able to stay strong...
like my mom?
Ha Ri, I know you're busy,
but could you perhaps meet me at the studio?
Ha Ri.
Have a seat.
We haven't taken a photo together yet.
Just smile at that camera over there.
Let's take photos...
during the days we are together...
and of all our shared moments.
Ha Ri.
Let's...
get married.
(Oh My Baby)
I'm sorry.
Then...
The ring.
After the surgery, I'll have less of a chance to get pregnant.
We'll have to see the results, but your chances might get slimmer.
Ha Ri!
Ha Ri, open up!
She won't be suffering this much if she had chosen me.
Telling me to get the surgery...
is like telling me to give up on having a child.